# CProgram
Corner Grocer
Corner Grocer This program is supposed to help keep track of an inventory list by organizing it by the frequency of each item on the list also give the user the ability to be able to look up specific items on the list. This is convenient to the user because all they would have to do is type down items in the text file and the program would organize it. The problem this would solve is it will allow the user to be able to eaily see and keep track of their inventory. I believe some of the things I did well in this project was incorporating the use of maps and pointer functions. I also think I did a good jobs with keeping my main loop relatively neat. Some things I could improve on are making sure my method names are all pascal cased, remove some unused methods, and I could've took the item and quantity and encapsulated them as a class to meet the object oriented programming requirement. Doing the object oriented approach makes the program not reusable outside the console based application. Some of the pieces of my code I found most challenging was incorating the maps function because I had never done it before. However, was able to overcome this using zybooks and google really. Some of the tools and resources I have used for this project I think I will use again for more projects until I have a much better grasp on things for sure. The skills I will take from this project are definietly how to use pointers, and maps this will come in handy for future projects to definetly narrow down the amount of variables I need to create also allows me to keep track of key values. I think it is easier to create the program to be readable by using different files such as .ccp, .h, and main source file. This allows me to be able to kind of lay out my functions I plan on using in one file, define them in another and call them in the main. This kept my main loop looking clean and the rest of my files looking more organized.
